Update cert-manager version to 1.8 (#457)
TykTechnologies/tyk-operator: docs/installation/installation.md

If you don't have cert-manager installed, here is a quick install:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.8.0/cert-manager.yaml
```

> Tyk Operator supports Kubernetes 1.19, 1.20, 1.21, 1.22 and 1.23 versions. Therefore, cert-manager must be compatible with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Operator supports Kubernetes v.19+. Ensure cert-manager is compatible with your Kubernetes version.
```

Author: Updated accordingly 👍
